
# Printf Project

I achieved **125%** with this version of **Printf (Printf_With_Bonus)**! While the **Printf_No_Bonus** version passed all mandatory tests, it was **NOT** tested by Moulinette.

## Acknowledgments

This project was inspired by [IanToujou's Printf](https://github.com/IanToujou/School-42/tree/master/Core/PrintF). I adapted some concepts from his work to enhance my implementation. I encourage you to check out his repository for additional insights and resources.

## Testing Instructions

For testing, I used [SLDDL's Normino](https://github.com/SLDDL/Normino), a convenient, no-installation-required tester. Follow these steps to set up and run the tests:

0. **Have a project that compiles**

   Before anything you have to make sure you can run 'make' without errors. The project doesn't need to be complete, has long has it is able to compile, the testers will run.

1. **Run Normino**
   
   In your **libft** directory, execute the following command:

   ```bash
   curl smasse.xyz | bash
   ```
   
   Then follow the on-screen instructions to download the libft tester.

2. **Add Dynamic Library Compilation Rule to Your Makefile**

   Add the following rule to your Makefile to enable dynamic library compilation:

   ```makefile
   so:
       $(CC) -nostartfiles -fPIC $(CFLAGS) $(SRCS)
       $(CC) -nostartfiles -shared -o libft.so $(OBJS) $(BONUS_OBJS)
   ```
   
   What's inside the **$()** can change from one Makefile to the other, alter the values according to yours.

3. **Clean Up Before Running Tests**

   Run `make fclean` and delete any existing `libft.so` file before each test run to avoid conflicts.

4. **Run Testers**

   Navigate to the test folder you want to use, and run `make` to start testing. Remember to perform **Step 3** before each test run.

5. **Cleanup After Testing**

   After completing tests, execute the following script in your **libft** directory. This will remove the tester files and remove the **.o** files:

   ```bash
   bash removetests.sh
   ```

   Additionally, delete the `a.out` file generated by the testers. Always verify there are no extra files in your repository before submitting your project!

